Use the Neighbor Joining technique to create a *rooted* tree,
showing the hypothesized lineage of the West Nile data.

For each iteration, if there is a tie in the biased distance
score, choose the pair with the lowest-lettered cluster.  So, if
you have a choice of merging A-and-B or C-and-D, merge A and B.
Each new cluster counts as coming after all previously-made
clusters.  So if you have a choice of merging AB-and-E or
C-and-D, merge C and D.

The input file will consist of several lines, in which each piece
of data is tab-separated.  The first line will contain the names
of the taxa.  Each subsequent line will contain distances.  So,
for the Neighbor Joining example we did in class, the data file
will look like this:

-----
Species 1	Species 2	Species 3	Species 4	Species 5	Species 6
0
5	0
4	7	0
7	10	7	0
6	9	6	5	0
8	11	8	9	8	0
-----

The output will be text-based (ASCII).  Each node will be
assigned a name, so that leaves are single letters and internal
nodes are combinations of those letters.  The output will contain
a single line for each node.

  * If the node is a leaf, the name of its taxon should be
    printed.

  * If the node is an internal one, the names of its
    children and their distances should be printed.

The first node printed should be the root, followed by its
children.  (This should be done in a recursive, prefix
manner--see me if you don't understand what this means.)  So
the output for the above distance data will look like this:

Node Root	connected to F 2.50, FCAB 2.50
Node F		(Species 6)
Node FCAB	connected to CAB 1.00, DE 1.00
Node CAB	connected to C 2.00, AB 1.00
Node C		(Species 3)
Node AB		connected to A 1.00, B 4.00
Node A		(Species 1)
Node B		(Species 2)
Node DE		connected to D 3.00, E 2.00
Node D		(Species 4)
Node E		(Species 5)

Please make your program able to handle different data files,
rather than being hardcoded to only accept a data file of a
single name.

To root the tree, one of the original taxa will have to be
designated as an "outgroup."  (We will discuss this concept in
class on Tuesday.)  Assume that the last taxon is the
outgroup--in the given example, that's Species 6.
